# MealPlan
Meal planner which keeps the ingredients and recipes you use (and no more) and your inventory

# Philosophy of my approach
There are several very well-known applications for managing food, meals, nutrition, and whatnot. If tracking nutrition is the primary goal, you can use apps like [MyFitnessPal](http://myfitnesspal.com/) or [cronometer](https://cronometer.com/), which offer much more functionality in the nutrition domain than MealPlan ever should. If you just want something to track the recipes you know and plan what you're going to eat, you can use apps like [my diet meal plan](https://mydietmealplan.com/) (which also has some nutritional planning) or even just [Trello](https://trello.com/) or Excel. For your inventory, same thing.

However, these apps either offer very limited functionality (unless you want to create super-impressive function-packed spreadsheets), narrow functionality, or even too much functionality in one domain. I personally love MyFitnessPal but to be completely honest I don't need the access to every single ingredient on the planet. It is a fantastic idea but it often backfires when some ingredients/products have misleading/conflicting information.

My philosophy is simple: only include things that you actually use. You shouldn't have the option to include "Toasted sesame oil" in your recipe if you don't own it, have never used it, or have never even heard of it. On the other hand, if you actually use an ingredient frequently, you should absolutely have it handy, along with sufficient information (like nutrition, if you're into that), and you shouldn't have to wait for 5 seconds just to add it to your meal plan (I'm looking at you, MyFitnessPal).